(DOCSP-26743): Release notes for 30 Nov 2022 (#253)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/release-notes/backend.txt

2022 Releases
-------------

.. _backend_20221130:

30 November 2022 Release
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Remove maximum number of clients that can concurrently
  :ref:`listen to database change streams <mongodb-service-limitations-change-streams>`
  based on cluster size.
- Support :ref:`App Services deployments <deployment-regions>` in the AWS region
  Ohio (aws-us-east-2).

> - :ref:`Authenticate Atlas GraphQL API requests <graphql-authentication>`
>   with the following authentication credential headers:
>   - ``api-key`` for API key authentication
>   - ``email`` and ``password`` for email/password authentication
>   - ``custom-token`` for custom JWT authentication

Author: ```suggestion
- :ref:`Authenticate Atlas Data API requests <endpoint-authenticate>`
  with the ``apiKey`` authentication credential headers for API key authentication.
```
